---
layout: post
title: "Hackerrank 30 Days of Code"
date: 2021-02-02
---

The latest thing I've been working on: *back to the basics* with Hackerrank's 30 days of code. 

To be honest, this challenge isn't as fun as doing their other challenges that I'm also doing, especially for the first few days. I think it's more of an introductory course to coding. 

The upside, though, is that I did pick up some new things during the 30 days, such as **Binary Search Trees**. BST was something that I was aware existed, but honestly didn't really know/care about because I didn't know how it could be implemented/used. 

But after learning about it, it's honestly quite elegant?

What I like about it is there are so many ways to traverse the graph? And Depending on the type of data you're storing, you can potentially reduce the complexity of the lookup by a lot. 
What I don't like about it is how long I needed to wrap my head around it. :/ 

I also just watched a video on YT about how to stay motivated when learning data science (obviously something I need help in...) and one of the points I like is that it is sufficient to learn enough, then practice and iterate. i.e. There is no point diving too deep into a topic and depressing myself because I can't fully understand it, it is more important to learn what I need and try to apply it in a project just to give myself that little mental boost of encouragement. Which is what I'm trying to apply in this case, by avoiding diving too deep in about BSTs e.g. how to invert them and everything. 

On to the next thing! 